===== picosite reference =====

Principles:

* Extremely simple managment where an unstable branch is merged into a
  stable branch, only when things are clearly working and tested. Big
  changes are put in their own branches and developed but when this is
  done the unstable branch for maintaince and improvement is frozen.
* Backward comptaible always to its stable branch. However the behavi-
  our of methods for things can improve. Sites will always work but
  they may change. Things can improve but old configs must work within
  reason and display a somewhat similar site.
* Read only calls only to the system in page.php only. All other scr-
  ipts that come with this software are for the cron user, or some con-
  text outside of control of the webserver and PHP process for page.php
* Always capable of hosting the offical Kaizushi's Little Onion Server 
  webserver with a stable release. This site employs nearly every feat-
  ure. This should make this software stable and capable.
* Constricted access to the system for reading files. It should use for
  requests machine names. These are used with algos that then attach
  parts of the filename to the machine names, to give it context.

Operation:

* This software operates with methods of two major categories and some
others. There are get methods which get some kind of data and make it
simple for the print methods. There are some other assorted methods
which transform but have no naming convention (that will change).
There are static methods which specify solid things like syntax so it
is not repeated.
* The template calls limited print methods, some other print methods
are called from other print methods. This is used for picocode that
add features to pages.
* The basic release will have an extremely simple template that is bar-
ren. It makes it obvious obvious how to make your own.

Source code and usage:
	The source code will be commented so that each method specifies:
	what inputs it takes, how it transforms, changes, or renders it.
	This guide is a reference to the source code where things are
	explained.

(At a later date I will fill this in with the listings)

[You can't find anything in Kaizu code without this]
Trans methods:
	Description:
	    These methods transform things and do regexp for security for
	    certain points of input. They use the static methods at the
	    bottom often to use context with data retreival.
    
	Listing:

Print methods:
	Note:
	  If a method is in both External and Internal it has a interface
	  which allows for both. Some methods do their own features for
	  rendering things within a page. 

	Internal:
	  Description:
	      Methods here print things that go on other pages that are
	      printed. They are considered internal and generally extend
	      pages. They render things like tables of information, lists
	      anything that serves the construction of a page, and the
	      
	  Listing:

	External:
	  Description:
	      Methods here print things that go on the template for the
	      page. This includes things other than the page body.

	  Listing:

Get methods:
	Memory:

	Filesystem:

Static 
